Eliminate burner accounts (#4673) (#4854)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#4673 Eliminate burner accounts
===============================

> When the operator completes the following steps, they should announce for other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator
~~~~~~~~

Complete the steps in the next section. Then announce on `#team-boardwalk` for other developers to do the same.

Everyone
~~~~~~~~

When notified by the operator, complete the following steps:
```

And eliminate the separate CL item for the announcement.

Speaking of CL: The file name is `UPGRADING.rst`, not `Upgrading.rst`

developers to do the same.

> #) Remove your burner account from the Google Cloud project:

Reviewer: F

<img width="1034" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5143256/214721265-4c134fac-aca0-4f9d-ae35-0f99048b3d4b.png">

Reviewer: Still broken. Note the quoted blocks depicted in the screenshot I attached.

Author: I initially thought you might've also been referring to the quoted blocks but disregarded it [since there was precedent](https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/blob/develop/UPGRADING.rst#4224-eliminate-personal-service-accounts) for them.

Reviewer: Since they are obviously (in my opinion) a mistake, feel free to fix both.

have too many entries in this file.

#4673 Eliminate burner accounts
===============================

> When this PR lands in the dev deployment, in `platform-hca-dev` Google cloud

Author: `platform-hca-dev` project was the only one containing burner accounts. Should Google cloud projects be included either way?

project, the operator should perform the following steps, and then announce for
other developers to do the same.

#) Delete your burner Google service account:

    #) Go to the Google Cloud console, select the `platform-hca-dev` project,
       and navigate to ``IAM & Admin`` -> ``IAM``

    #) Select your individual burner account. This is the one where your CruzID
       is followed by  `….ucsc.edu@gmail.com`; it does not include the string
       "azul"

    #) Click ``DISABLE SERVICE ACCOUNT`` -> ``DISABLE``

    #) Click ``DELETE SERVICE ACCOUNT`` -> ``DELETE``

#) Delete your burner Google account:

    #) Signin to Google using your burner account, in the icon with your
       burner's name initial (upper right hand of the page), click the
       ``Manage your Google Account`` button. And navigate to ``Data & Privacy``

    #) At the bottom of the page, in ``More options``, click on the
       ``Delete your Google Account`` option, complete Google's requisites and
       terminate your burner account by clicking on ``Delete Account``

> 

Reviewer 2: Burner accounts are not service accounts. They are regular GMail accounts just like our personal developer accounts. For example, my burner is `nadove.ucsc.edu@gmail.com`. I don't know what the procedure is for deleting a GMail account, but this section is incorrect.

pushing the merge commit to the GitLab instance in that deployment.

> #4673 Eliminate burner accounts

Reviewer 2: Move to the top of the file

===============================

When this PR lands develop, in `platform-hca-dev` Google cloud project, the
operator should perform the following steps, and then announce for other
developers to do the same. Note that "your burner" account is the one where your
CruzID is followed by `….ucsc.edu@gmail.com`.

> #) Remove your burner account from the system's Google Cloud project:
> 
>     #) Go to the Google Cloud console, select the `platform-hca-dev` project,
>        and navigate to ``IAM & Admin`` -> ``IAM``
> 
>     #) Select your individual burner account; it does not include the string
>        "azul"
> 
>     #) Click ``DISABLE SERVICE ACCOUNT`` -> ``DISABLE``
> 
>     #) Click ``DELETE SERVICE ACCOUNT`` -> ``DELETE``
> 
> #) Close your burner Google account:
> 
>     #) Signin to Google using your burner account, in the icon with your
>        burner's name initial (upper right hand of the page), click the
>        ``Manage your Google Account`` button. And navigate to ``Data & Privacy``
> 
>     #) At the bottom of the page, in ``More options``, click on the
>        ``Delete your Google Account`` option, complete Google's requisites and
>        terminate your burner account by clicking on ``Delete Account``
> 
> #) Make sure to registere your account with SAM as `described
> <./README.md#234-google_cloud,_tdr_and_sam>`_ in our README.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#) Close your burner Google account:

    #) Sign in to Google using your burner account. Click on the icon with your
       burner's name initial (upper right hand of the page), click the
       ``Manage your Google Account`` button, and navigate to ``Data & Privacy``

    #) At the bottom of the page, under ``More options``, click on the
       ``Delete your Google Account`` button. Complete Google's requisites and
       terminate your burner account by clicking on ``Delete Account``

#) Make sure to register your UCSC account with SAM as `described
<./README.md#234-google_cloud,_tdr_and_sam>`_ in our README.

```

Author: I updated the section. It's necessary to remove the burner from the Google project.
